Web Hooks
	Create a SNS topic for Web hooks
	Create a AWS Lambda function which fetches the webhook URL for passed webhook ID
	and using webhook URL and received payload from the message , sends message accordingly
	Subscribe the SNS topic to created AWS Lambda function
	Store the webhook endpoints in a data store, webhook id, webhook url
	Publish a message to SNS topic for Webhooks including a reference to the webhook endpoint along with the message

Web Push
	Create a SNS topic for Web Push
	Create a AWS Lambda function which,
		Fetches the received message 
		Fetches the list of Web Push url stored as subscriptions in the data store
		Sends a message to each of the Web Push Endpoints.
	
	Subscribe the SNS topic to created AWS Lambda function
	When the web app subscribes to web push, persist the subscription details on data store.
	Publish a message to SNS topic for Web Push
	
	
		
P2P
	Create a SNS topic for P2P
	Create a AWS Lambda function which,
		Fetches the received message 
		Fetches the list of subscriptions stored in the data store
		Sends a message to each of the P2P endpoints
	
	Subscribe the SNS topic to created AWS Lambda function
	When the web app subscribes to P2P, persist the subscription details on data store.
	Publish a message to SNS topic for P2P
	




AWS SNS Mobile Push
	Send messages to a Mobile Endpoint.
	Message can appear as Message Alerts, Badge Updates, or Sound Alerts
	
Using one of the supported Push Notification Services	
	ADM
	FCM
	APN
	
Push Notification Services
	Maintain a connection with each app and associated mobile device registered to use
	their service.
	
	When an app and mobile device register with PNS, a device token is returned.
	
	AWS SNS uses the device token, to create a mobile endpoint.
	Mesages are sent by AWS SNS to that mobile endpoint.
	
	We provide the PNS credentials, to AWS SNS so that AWS SNS can use on your
	behalf to send messages to PNS 
	
	2 types
		Send direct messages to a specific mobile endpoint
		Send messages to mobile endpoints subscribed to SNS topic
		
	AWS SNS communicates with PNS, so that the subscribed endpoints can receive 
	published to the SNS Topic,
	
	
		
		
Steps
1.Obtain credentials and device token for the mobile platforms that we want to supported
2.Using the credentials  , create a Platform Application Object
3.Using the credentials  , request a device token for your mobile app/device from mobile platforms.
4.Use the device token and Platform Application Object to create Platform Endpoint Object using SNS
5.Use the Platform Endpoint Object , to publish message to app on mobile device



Credentials for connecting to PNS
Device Token/Registration ID received from PNS
Mobile App Registered with the PNS

Device Token/Registration ID
	A String sent to the App by the OS the mobile device.
	Uniquely identifies an instance of the mobile app running on a particular mobile
	device (unique identifiers of app-devjce pair)
	
Amazon stores credentials along with other settings as Platform Application Resource.
Device tokens are represented as Platform endpoints.
Each Platform Endpoint corresponds to one specific platform application, and every platform
endpoint can be communicated usign the credentials stored in corresponding platform application.



Creating a Platform Application
-------------------------------
	Choose the platform
	Provide the credentials
	
Registers the app with Amazon SNS , which creates a Platform Application object
for selected platform and returns PlatformApplicationArn.
		
Creating a Platform Endpoint
----------------------------
	ARN of the Platform Application Object and
	Device Token 
	
ARN of Platform Endpoint
	
	
